what I enjoy about being in the
mountains is the tangible things that
you experience and everything is a very
authentic experience it's based on
observation and it's based on what
you're perceiving in the moment what
Exim delivers a client I think is a
chance to push themselves further than
maybe they have in other areas of their
life to try something that they probably
couldn't do on their own
and maybe they are not even sure that
can do it but they want to give it a try
and push themselves and excellent makes
that happen
Exim is based on educating people that's
with what the company is all about were
or a school and we want people to go
away with skills instead of just being
taken on a climb we actually teach
people how to go climbing
we pride ourselves in teaching people
ways that they can participate in the
climb and then when they go do their
climb with their guide they are
participating as a fully functioning
partner they are member of a team and so
they learn how to take responsibility
for others in that team including the
guide so it bonds are developed that a
deep it becomes a very rich experience
as a result danger and risk are very
essential components of a mountain
guiding experience and what makes this
experience totally unique from any other
and if you take away the risk you
inherently destroy the experience as one
that is visceral as one that is
authentic as one that is captivating and
life-changing we've been guiding 80
years at x'x mountain guides and have a
great safety record and the primary
reason we're able to have such a great
safety record is simply because of the
caliber of the guide that works here the
mountains are dynamic there's inherent
risk and still we're able to guide year
after year thousands of clients without
any incident or injury and the simple
reason is the guides here are some of
the best in the world
climb into any mountain for a lot of
people but you know in our experience
here climbing in the ground it's like
the hardest thing people have done my
job
besides to keep people safe is to push
people farther than they think they can
go
the guides help people reach potential
that they didn't even know they had so
for a lot of people it can really be a
life-changing experience to do something
that they weren't sure that they could
do some of the experiences clients have
after a day with one of our guides is
that they have learned to independently
travel in the mountains and they've
overcome some of their fears and they've
done that without even really knowing it
many times
climbing the Grand or having a mountain
climbing experience with Exum is one of
the most special experiences that
clients have here ones that define their
life ones that might alter the way they
perceive the world and ones that they
hold most dear and when they come to the
latter part of those life they often
come back here to exome and reconnect
with that special experience